1 what is jpython and cpython.
     JPYTHON-
             Jython Or Jpython is the JVM implementation of the Python programming language. It is designed to run on the Java platform. 
             A Jython program can import and use any Java class. Just as Java, Jython program compiles to bytecode. 
             One of the main advantages is that a user interface designed in Python can use GUI elements of AWT, Swing or SWT Package.
               Jython was created in 1997 by Jim Hugunin. It closely follows the standard Python implementation called CPython. 
                Jython 2.7.0 was released in May 2015, which corresponds to CPython 2.7
     CPYTHON-
             CPython is the reference implementation of the Python programming language. Written in C and Python, 
             CPython is the default and most widely used implementation of the language. 
             CPython can be defined as both an interpreter and a compiler as it compiles Python code into bytecode before interpreting it.
              

2-difference between python2 and python3.
           *	-python 2 was released in 2000 but python3 was released in 2008.
           *    -python 2 is used the ACSII code but python3 is used UNICODE.
           *    -python 2 is still entrenched in the software at certian companies but python will take over python 2 by 2020.
           *    -many older libraries built for python2 are not forward compatible and many of todays developer are creating libraries strictly for use with python 3.
           *    -python 2 print statement is print"hello"  but in python 3 that is print("hello")
           *    -in python 2 fuction take data from user (user_input) but in python 3 it is input().
3- difference between ASCII CODE Aand UNICODE.
         * unicode is the superset of ASCII.
           As ASCII only has 256 characters with very few symbols.
           But unicode on other gives a freedom of writting varies characters not only including English alphabet but including most of other languages in world. .
           unicode can write upto 65,536 characters and symbols.
         * Because Unicode characters don't generally fit into one 8-bit byte there are numerous ways of storing Unicode characters in byte
           sequences, such as UTF-32 , UTF- 16 and UTF-8.
         * ASCII – American Standard Code for Information Exchange, an encoding standard. This standard was used to encode a certain number of characters, 
           127 to be exact.Unicode consortium was formed that developed a universal encoding standard. This standard was called Unicode.
           In Unicode encoding standard, there is a number for every character. The latest version of Unicode has 137, 929 characters.